Hey, miss, how are you?
Don't be familiar with such a lowly person.
Okay, I'm not that stingy
Poor people are like this
I said old classmate
Don't act tough in front of me next time
What luxury goods have I never seen before?
You can tell your counterfeit at a glance.
A bag really can't get on the countertop.
Can I invite you, the daughter lady?
Take us to see
What about the more expensive luxury goods?
See how you still pretend
Yes, I heard that the richest man Ye loves the eldest lady the most
That gold and silver jewelry is countless
Heard that even more
Two days ago
I gave away a Rolls-Royce with only 3 cars in the world.
Is it true?
Yeah, yeah, a Rolls Royce.
It's nothing.
Just my pocket money for a week.
It's nice to have money.
I see. It's time for get off work.
Miss, take us to see
Miss, just let him see
Let him understand the difference between the poor and the rich
distance from hahaha
That's great, we also want to open our eyes
Yes, I'm afraid I want to see this too
What do tens of millions of luxury cars look like?
Miss is so close to the people
Definitely won't refuse
Well, okay, to celebrate my arrival
Today I let my driver drive a luxury car
Take you home one by one
How was he moved?